Fix workbooks deployment permissions documentation (#1629)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: src/templates/finops-workbooks/README.md

## 📋 Prerequisites

> To deploy workbooks using ARM templates, you must have:
> - **Contributor** role or a role with `Microsoft.Resources/deployments/validate/action` permission
> - **Workbook Contributor** role to save the workbook after deployment
> 
> To use workbooks, you need read access to the resources being monitored. The exact permissions vary by resource and service.
> 
> If you only have **Reader** access, you cannot deploy using ARM templates, but you can still import the workbooks directly through Azure Monitor. See the [FinOps workbooks documentation](https://aka.ms/finops/workbooks) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Monitor workbooks provide direct access to Azure resource details. To deploy workbooks, you must have the **Workbook Contributor** role. To use workbooks, you need read access to the resources being monitored. The exact permissions vary by resource and service.
```

## 📋 Prerequisites

To deploy workbooks using ARM templates, you must have:

> - **Contributor** role or a role with both `Microsoft.Resources/deployments/validate/action` and `Microsoft.Resources/deployments/write` permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Contributor** role or a role with both `Microsoft.Resources/deployments/validate/action` and `Microsoft.Resources/deployments/write` permissions.
```

> - **Workbook Contributor** role to save the workbook after deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Workbook Contributor** role to deploy, edit, and save workbooks.
```

> - **Reader** role on all subscriptions you want to monitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reader** role on all subscriptions you want to monitor.
```

> To use workbooks, you need read access to the resources being monitored. The exact permissions vary by resource and service.
> 
> If you only have **Reader** access, you cannot deploy using ARM templates, but you can still import the workbooks directly through Azure Monitor. See the [FinOps workbooks documentation](https://aka.ms/finops/workbooks) for instructions.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
